is this a jif versus gif type of
situation
no i don't think so man even just saying
gif just there like gave me like unease
don't even
everyone knows it's not right it's not
morally right they just haven't come to
terms go right away on your giraffe
um
well so what are we doing today linus
it's getting a little chilly out there
on the frozen tundra of canada so uh
newegg sent us a bunch of parts to build
a winter wonderland gaming pc we're
gonna do the cleanest snow blind pc that
you ever done saw and check this out it
has that sick display side panel thing
so i'm really looking forward to this
yes me too it couldn't possibly go any
worse than that other build that riley
and i did together oh my gosh
are you sure
what this is not ecc and this is a
server board oh my god uh i don't
believe this will work with a core 2 duo
uh you know this is not dvi right let's
not talk about that
[Music]
sup guys future lioness here make sure
you watch till the end of the video
because we'll be giving this pc away for
free we've never actually built a pc
together before well we've tried to yeah
we tried to yes oh wait we did build a
pc i even referred to it just now uh
we've never done it smoothly no no
indeed this time around yeah we're gonna
make sure we do it right
i've i've probably built like
12 to 20 pcs i've probably built 12 to
20 pcs in the last few months in the
last few months
have you seen this thing in person
before i am really excited about this so
i actually saw this when they first
unveiled it at pax
2016 or 2017 or something it was quite a
while ago and i looked at it and i went
guys
you need to sell that thing stand alone
that thing is
sea act they were like and then they did
it and then they did it so it was your
idea it wasn't but i'll i'll i'll take
it i'll take i'll take the credit so
this entire panel here guys is actually
a display
but with the like the traditional
backlight portion of it in the rear
housing just like
removed so you end up with as long as
you've got enough lighting inside this
really cool kind of ink on the cover of
your computer type of effect yeah it
basically hooks up your computer as a
normal monitor display and you can put
stuff on there and have your uh every
computer look really cool right so we
have a bunch of like all white
components like this uh corsair h100i
and this asus prime
x570 pro got a black pcb but mine are
detailed what are you gonna do all right
so let's get started on this thing shall
we let's do it riley do you remember how
to build a pc i know so what you got to
do is get the mobo first yeah and then
you get these cables you're french right
oh yeah yeah so that's where that comes
from put the cobblers on the toddler
this is a long cable wow that is really
long that's the longest cable i've ever
seen it's a ryzen 3 900 x that thing
have a hemi that's pretty good yeah yeah
sure okay now
i put that in right right yeah yeah it's
that is the corner there yeah and the
corners there asus really doesn't do a
great job of marking their corners
anymore did you get white ram you did
this is the whitest build ever yeah
the widest build you know
lttstore.com
now these are rgb ram it's kind of sad
because we could just gonna set it to
white we could normally i would take
this panel off but i can't really do
that because it's more than just glass
like there's a display in there it's
heavy right
[Music]
it's a little bit uh unwieldy
so this isn't white but it's hidden now
this is the one thing that i was a bit
confused about it's a 2080 ti black but
but the shroud is a little see-through
as you'll see when we get to it i don't
know so maybe with enough leds in there
it can uh can light up like the north
sky you know maybe we're gonna get some
aurora borealis going i'm sure we can
okay i know
i think i'm one year younger than you
yeah i'm pretty sure you're uh a
millennial just like me don't put that
in there i need everyone to think i'm
very young i got my first gray eyebrow
hair the other day oh man i can't get
this open
do you know what variant this is it
doesn't matter
wraith
yeah what are you doing
i forgot about that
jeepers jeez louise
shiza minelli you know yeah
can i say that on youtube i don't know
i'm gonna be saying this and the editor
is just gonna censor it depends who's
editing it if it's alex p then i think
there's a solid chance can we all stop
and appreciate that porn has gotten a
lot better over the last 10 20 years
okay so now we got the corsair mp600 one
terabyte m.2 drive so you need this
mounting nut and the screw you're a
mounting nut has anyone ever told you
that oh no we need an ifixit kit uh no i
don't think we do what i have a small
wait can you do that one more time so i
can see that slow motion wow
okay there you go
you got the little screw okay can we do
this like how are we going to how are
you going to let it hang there's there's
cables here oh wow that's a lot of
leverage yeah you can't i think
teamwork's going to make the dream work
here i got this i'll oh no now now i'm
panicking
this goes on the computer
what are you doing
i was saying maybe i put the cooler in
and then no you know what let's just
there's not enough room for the cooler
in the top the cooler wait is this going
to fit oh did we check this everything's
fine everything's gonna be fine
this could work so is there enough space
in here to do the rad on this side
because that would be safe wait you mean
you have two fans and a rad oh yeah this
could work oh sh whoa whoops
this thing yep oh flabber winkies no
so this
comes off
what ah it comes off and
and this goes on yeah
this is a slick looking radiator i know
right got the silver accents on it i
like it does that not look awesome so
glossy and white
that whole time you were saying that i
was just looking at your face to see the
little smirk like
i was like uh-huh and
these are rgb fans as well yes sir but
they will be
white white we call this the unbuttered
toast build do you want to put this on
the on this side and then the fans on
the other side nope here's good okay can
i review the rtx 2080 uh no
because we want as much lighting as
possible on the inside that's true to
get that but that but that's what i'm
saying is that if it's in if it's
pointing this way the lighting
will you see much lighting coming out
the back yeah you'll see a little not as
much you're right but it's worth it and
you're worth it too you're worth it
riley maybe she's born with it maybe
it's l'oreal
well you can take that off yeah
how else are we gonna screw in the fans
on the radiator well i already that's i
was trying to this is gonna be awesome i
don't think i've had such a thoroughly
white themed build ever oh we're gonna
have to replace this fan in the back oh
yeah let's get that out of there okay
i'm gonna go grab another one of these
white corsair fans okay
hey riley is that a 120 or a 140 mil
that's a 120 linus thanks riley i know
these things because i'm good at
building computers
hi andy
i was just gonna run these fan wires oh
okay i couldn't find a white one it's
clear though mostly in black accents
is this the screw for the m.2
installation
did you make any progress while i was
going i put the i did the put the fans
in that's it
well it was uh
it was hard
oh shoot i grabbed an intel mounting
bracket for the cpu so that makes you
feel any better wait does it not come
with one oh i said i grabbed an intel
mounting bracket
wait for it
i wait for it i'm so confused
oh you just didn't need to grab any
mounting bracket no i need an amd
mounting bracket we're not using intel
i know
uh
what come with wake up look what is it
my name is
slim shady
wait you're gonna put it in like this i
always put it in standing up
seriously uh okay here we go a very
strange entry technique
i'm only struggling i'm only struggling
because this isn't how i usually do
everything is broken your boss sucks
is this a song that standoff is getting
in the way oh there we go you got it in
wow anybody could have made that mistake
who you trying to convince riley
yeah they really make this look easy in
the youtube videos
curse you kyle
paul
i've waited this long to tell you this
for the first time that i built a pc i
used a paul's hardware tutorial on
newegg on newegg.com youtube you know we
had how to build a pc on ncix tech tips
we did there's no one should watch those
so we're going to do the front usb 3. so
if you just kind of
bring it out a little bit further kind
of
give it the old bendarooni give it a
bendarooni yep i've heard of that but
i've never done it myself that's what
that move is called abandoned bendaroni
the bender rooney why did we choose a
black graphics card specifically black
i'm gonna be straight up about this
and say i didn't pick these parts jake
did
i mean if you're into like
you know nerdy
you know transparenty wow that is really
cool i like it
that is sick so i'm guessing jake just
wanted an excuse to have one of these
in the stable so that when we want to
use it for stuff later we'll have one
well i figure also like a lot of the
graphics cards that have white shrouds
it's white here but then here it's not
white yeah so if you stick it in like
that you won't see the white exactly
so that's why i picked it
good job riley yeah that is noticeably
not white
i cut myself actually it's dry i must
have cut myself at home so i'm not gonna
fill out a report so all your fans go
into your commander pro
and then you take the whole thing and
you go
oh no jeez hey it is the cleanest build
ever
especially in the back from what you can
tell we are done yeah that's it don't
close the panel though it's bad luck
should i and i shouldn't rip off the
plastic that's fine you can rip off the
plastic
don't make noises
that does make me uncomfortable
now i have to make it awkward to like
make it a little better like
he finally finished
oh shoot i closed it no linus
you ready i'm so ready
let the cleanliness
begin why is this not lit up oh did you
plug in the molex
uh
so far none of this is really an
especially good sign
come on there computer come on buddy
good job computer press enter hey we
good well we're in the bios yeah that's
good yes all right did you try going in
the bios 32 gigs of ram
advanced mode let's get that xmp d-o-c-p
x-m-p-d-o-c-p yeah you know me
sweet now i just
need to know why the lights are not on
ah oh my eyes
i'm having a hard time here riley
do you want to help guide me in here
yeah it's basically
am i not lined up it's it's lined up but
it's uh hold on hold on the one tab wow
[Laughter]
hey
huzzah
let's go ahead and close it you know you
can really tell that nzxt designs their
cases with like a system builder mindset
they really are very easy to build in
and just like
throw everything in slam them shut
and just never think about it again you
know
you've got the utility preloaded on here
right you can basically use anything you
want with this because this is literally
just it shows up as another monitor
right if we plug it in did we plug it in
there's a thing to plug in i'll be right
back
oh
did i did you hear me when i said i got
an ethernet cable
bummer because i didn't
wow
is it working it is
so it's color you say it i i believe so
you can see that oh wow it is there yeah
the taskbar it's on there right now huh
so
where's our where's our mouse hey there
it is
look at that super visible down uh do
some web browsing browse the web yeah
you know go on that uh pub.com there
hey well no one can see it it's fine
oh that is so freaking cool it looks
great
that looks awesome so you can control
the the the shape and size of your
window
that is set that is so cool
i love it
freaking awesome
that is so cool
i absolutely love everything about this
oh
it's a beach
why go outside when you can have that
you want to play rocky let's see if it
runs on that you know this is a it's
kind of like a proof of concept you
could like just have this be a portable
all-in-one you know yeah all you need is
a uh you just need to put something
white behind it here look try this how's
this on for size that's not
good a paper would be really good what
you don't like the sheep skin oh no it's
very tasteful very good i bet i bet
it'll work fine look you can totally see
it it's fine but i wanted to try the
game uh without it oh really well there
you go good luck
i can do it
oh there it is i couldn't see the ball
until then
wow you did too
i scored no way
[Laughter]
what yes
okay can we all just agree that this is
absolutely sick
and thank you guys for watching and
massive thanks to newegg for sponsoring
this build there was really no purpose
to it other than to just
you know show you guys
how easy it is to build a super clean
looking machine these days and also i
just wanted an excuse to do a build in
this case because i've kind of been
sitting on it for a while and i really
really really wanted to try it out and
of course it's available on newegg.com
look at that
that is freaking cool yeah when's the
144 version
i know right gaming side panels go away
scout
take that well that was a fun build but
now you guys get to have some fun
because we are going to be giving this
away courtesy of newegg all you got to
do is go to newegg dot io linus and
enter to win the cleanest 3 000 pc built
and signed by me wait signed i didn't
sign it oh yeah that's a good spot enter
to win at the link below
[Music]